Vicare dhw schedule service (#37364)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vicare.markdown

The following actions of the [climate integration](/integrations/climate/) are provided by the ViCare integration: `set_temperature`, `set_hvac_mode`, `set_preset_mode` 

> The following actions of the [water_heater integration](/integrations/water_heater/) are provided by the ViCare integration: `set_temperature'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following actions of the [water_heater integration](/integrations/water_heater/) are provided by the ViCare integration: `set_temperature`
```

The following actions of the [climate integration](/integrations/climate/) are provided by the ViCare integration: `set_temperature`, `set_hvac_mode`, `set_preset_mode` 

> The following actions of the [water_heater integration](/integrations/water_heater/) are provided by the ViCare integration: `set_temperature', ``

Reviewer: There seems to be a formatting error here

| Data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |
| `vicare_mode` | no | New value of ViCare mode. For supported values, see the `vicare_modes` attribute of the climate {% term entity %}. |

### Action `vicare.set_dhw_circulation_pump_schedule`

Set the schedule for the domestic hot water circulation pump as defined by Viessmann

| Data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |

Reviewer 2: since it is optional, we should also describe what happens when it is not provided

Author: in reality its not optional at all. changed it to no :-)

Reviewer 2: still unresolved

> | `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `entity_id` | yes | `entity_id` or list of `entity_id`s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of an entity_id. |
```
IMO, the descriptions of the other services that have this wording should also be updated (but not in this PR), as they are unnecessarily complex.

Reviewer 2: still unresolved

| `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`'s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |
| `vicare_mode` | no | New value of ViCare mode. For supported values, see the `vicare_modes` attribute of the climate {% term entity %}. |

### Action `vicare.set_dhw_circulation_pump_schedule`

Set the schedule domestic hot water circulation pump as defined by Viessmann 

| Data attribute | Optional | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`'s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id` | yes | String or list of strings that point at `entity_id`s of climate devices to control. To target all entities, use the `all` keyword instead of entity_id. |
```

> | `schedule` | no | New schedule as json-string. Example of json-schema: https://www.postman.com/vimicho/viessmann-api-public/request/hpbagam/set-heating-schedule |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `schedule` | no | New schedule as json-string. Example of json-schema: https://www.postman.com/vimicho/viessmann-api-public/request/hpbagam/set-heating-schedule |
```
Looks ok but I don't know anything about the linked API test page(?), or whether it's acceptable to link to 3rd party examples in the docs.

Is it possible to paste the example json into this page?

Author: Yeah sure I just use the json example from there.
